Add account mgmt guide - Closes #783 (#787)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/node-management/managing-accounts.adoc

= Managing accounts
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>
:toc:

:url_references_commander_commands: references/lisk-commander/commands.adoc

> The most convenient way to manage your account, is a user interface like Lisk Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most convenient way to manage your account is a user interface such as Lisk Desktop.
```
